documentation/workHourLog.md, before:

# Working time accounting

| date  | time | work done  |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 20.1. | 6    | designing application |
| 21.1. | 2    | requirements |
|       | 4    | reading up on data modeling |
| 22.1  | 3    | reading up on data modeling |
|       | 3    | data modeling |
| 25.1  | 3    | getting to know react native better |
|       | 5    | getting to know expo better |
| 26.1  | 2    | getting to know expo better |
|       | 1    | setting up frontend init |
|       | 3    | app navigation planning |
| 27.1  | 3    | learning react navigation |
| 28.1  | 1    | inital app navigation overview |
|       | 3    | reading more on navigation auth, tab, state etc |
|       | 2    | dynamic form research for routine workout page |
| 29.1  | 3    | dynamic object generation for routine |
|  2.2  | 3    | initial exercisecard for reps only type input |
|  3.2  | 4    | added functionality checkbox, add new set and some css for exercise card |
|       | 2    | reading some more about hook and setTimeout |
|  6.2  | 1    | reading some more about hook |
|       | 1    | add duration timer |
|       | 2    | add parsing of done exercises and buttons |
|       | 1    | add notification |
|  8.2  | 2    | add workoutscreen for selection of routine  |
|       | 1    | add routineOverviewScreen |
|       | 5    | reading up more on graphql |
| 10.2  | 3    | reading up more on graphql |
| 13.2  | 3    | starting initial backend with graphql |
| 15.2  | 5    | added experimental queries and mutations backend |
| 17.2  | 6    | queries and mutations backend connected to Mongoose |
| 18.2  | 3    | setting up graphql for frontend and queries |
|       | 3    | bug fix form, addSet changed, working out data to use for mutations from frontend |
| 19.2  | 3    | added mutations for done routine |
|       | 3    | reading up on apollo and cache |
| 20.2  | 3    | reading up on apollo cache and state management  |
| 24.2  | 2    | improve history page functionalies |
|       | 4    | bug fix server ParallelSaveError |
| 25.2  | 2    | bug fix server response app breaking when render |
|       | 4    | refactor time service and started on implementation of TimedInput |
| 27.2  | 5    | timed input form works |
|       | 1    | bug fix unsuccessful creation of timed exercises |
|       | 2    | improved ui text and loading |
|       | 4    | added support for weighted exercise type input |
| 28.2  | 2    | added icon to tabbar and refactor doRoutine |
|  2.3  | 1    | changing double quotes to single and minor fix stringToHmsFormat |
|       | 2    | added createUser and login backend |
|       | 2    | added hooks create user and login frontend |
|       | 3    | added signIn component and form |
|  3.3  | 3    | added sign in screen and moving auth to authContext |
|       |      | added initial profile screen with logout button |
|       | 1    | added notification for login error (invalid password or username) |
|       | 2    | added sign up screen |
|       | 3    | added initial local token handling |
|  4.3  | 2    | local token handling and token auth now works |
|       |      | add user context backend and me query |
|       | 2    | changed schema every exercise and routine must belong to a user |
|       | 1    | refactor resolvers |
|       |      | changed query allRoutines and allExercises, 
|       | 2    | only return those owned by current login user |
|       | 3    | planning implementation of data storage and creation of exercises and routine program |
|  5.3  | 1    | add initial exercise screen, changed some white space |
|       | 1    | add exercise and exerciselist |
|       | 5    | bug fix not authenticated server response |
|  6.3  | 1    | add styling for exercise and exerciselist, added listStorage |
|       | 1    | modified local exercise access to work with async storage |
|       | 1    | added round plus button and load exercises from both async and file |
|       | 1    | added initial create exercise screen |
|  7.3  | 2    | added exercise form |
|       | 1    | refactor FormikExercisePicker and added FormikTextArea |
|       | 1    | add new exercise now works (for local options)  |
|  8.3  | 4    | changed state management for auth and exercise into one provider |
|       | 2    | add exercise detail screen and some code fix |
|       | 1    | routine templates are now a combination of data file and async storage |
|       | 1    | add initial createRoutineScreen and some minor refactor |
|       | 1    | planning routine creation form |
|  9.3  | 4    | createRoutine now able to add exercises and add name to the new routine |
|       | 3    | selected exercices now added to new routine creation and are editable |
| 10.3  | 2    | create routine now support all type of exercise types  |
|       | 1    | new custom routine can be added and will show up in workout options selections  |
|       | 1    | custom routine can be deleted from workout screen, minor bugfix and css changes  |
|       | 4    | added timer and some css changes in doRoutine  |
| 11.3  | 2    | added query allLatestExercises to server  |
|       | 4    | previous field in doRoutine now shows latest exercise stats kg, reps and time  |
| 12.3  | 3    | profile screen nows show user info and calendar of all routines done  |
|       | 1    | css changes to history and workout pages  |
|       | 1    | add info screen and minor css changes  |
|       | 2    | add textinput with label replaced most textinput with it  |
|       | 1    | added numbernput with label and is used instead of native TextInput  |
| total | 204  | |

Commit message:

work hour log 13.3, added fix for css for when history list is empty

documentation/workHourLog.md, after:

# Working time accounting

| date  | time | work done  |
| :----:|:-----| :-----|
| 20.1. | 6    | designing application |
| 21.1. | 2    | requirements |
|       | 4    | reading up on data modeling |
| 22.1  | 3    | reading up on data modeling |
|       | 3    | data modeling |
| 25.1  | 3    | getting to know react native better |
|       | 5    | getting to know expo better |
| 26.1  | 2    | getting to know expo better |
|       | 1    | setting up frontend init |
|       | 3    | app navigation planning |
| 27.1  | 3    | learning react navigation |
| 28.1  | 1    | inital app navigation overview |
|       | 3    | reading more on navigation auth, tab, state etc |
|       | 2    | dynamic form research for routine workout page |
| 29.1  | 3    | dynamic object generation for routine |
|  2.2  | 3    | initial exercisecard for reps only type input |
|  3.2  | 4    | added functionality checkbox, add new set and some css for exercise card |
|       | 2    | reading some more about hook and setTimeout |
|  6.2  | 1    | reading some more about hook |
|       | 1    | add duration timer |
|       | 2    | add parsing of done exercises and buttons |
|       | 1    | add notification |
|  8.2  | 2    | add workoutscreen for selection of routine  |
|       | 1    | add routineOverviewScreen |
|       | 5    | reading up more on graphql |
| 10.2  | 3    | reading up more on graphql |
| 13.2  | 3    | starting initial backend with graphql |
| 15.2  | 5    | added experimental queries and mutations backend |
| 17.2  | 6    | queries and mutations backend connected to Mongoose |
| 18.2  | 3    | setting up graphql for frontend and queries |
|       | 3    | bug fix form, addSet changed, working out data to use for mutations from frontend |
| 19.2  | 3    | added mutations for done routine |
|       | 3    | reading up on apollo and cache |
| 20.2  | 3    | reading up on apollo cache and state management  |
| 24.2  | 2    | improve history page functionalies |
|       | 4    | bug fix server ParallelSaveError |
| 25.2  | 2    | bug fix server response app breaking when render |
|       | 4    | refactor time service and started on implementation of TimedInput |
| 27.2  | 5    | timed input form works |
|       | 1    | bug fix unsuccessful creation of timed exercises |
|       | 2    | improved ui text and loading |
|       | 4    | added support for weighted exercise type input |
| 28.2  | 2    | added icon to tabbar and refactor doRoutine |
|  2.3  | 1    | changing double quotes to single and minor fix stringToHmsFormat |
|       | 2    | added createUser and login backend |
|       | 2    | added hooks create user and login frontend |
|       | 3    | added signIn component and form |
|  3.3  | 3    | added sign in screen and moving auth to authContext |
|       |      | added initial profile screen with logout button |
|       | 1    | added notification for login error (invalid password or username) |
|       | 2    | added sign up screen |
|       | 3    | added initial local token handling |
|  4.3  | 2    | local token handling and token auth now works |
|       |      | add user context backend and me query |
|       | 2    | changed schema every exercise and routine must belong to a user |
|       | 1    | refactor resolvers |
|       |      | changed query allRoutines and allExercises, 
|       | 2    | only return those owned by current login user |
|       | 3    | planning implementation of data storage and creation of exercises and routine program |
|  5.3  | 1    | add initial exercise screen, changed some white space |
|       | 1    | add exercise and exerciselist |
|       | 5    | bug fix not authenticated server response |
|  6.3  | 1    | add styling for exercise and exerciselist, added listStorage |
|       | 1    | modified local exercise access to work with async storage |
|       | 1    | added round plus button and load exercises from both async and file |
|       | 1    | added initial create exercise screen |
|  7.3  | 2    | added exercise form |
|       | 1    | refactor FormikExercisePicker and added FormikTextArea |
|       | 1    | add new exercise now works (for local options)  |
|  8.3  | 4    | changed state management for auth and exercise into one provider |
|       | 2    | add exercise detail screen and some code fix |
|       | 1    | routine templates are now a combination of data file and async storage |
|       | 1    | add initial createRoutineScreen and some minor refactor |
|       | 1    | planning routine creation form |
|  9.3  | 4    | createRoutine now able to add exercises and add name to the new routine |
|       | 3    | selected exercices now added to new routine creation and are editable |
| 10.3  | 2    | create routine now support all type of exercise types  |
|       | 1    | new custom routine can be added and will show up in workout options selections  |
|       | 1    | custom routine can be deleted from workout screen, minor bugfix and css changes  |
|       | 4    | added timer and some css changes in doRoutine  |
| 11.3  | 2    | added query allLatestExercises to server  |
|       | 4    | previous field in doRoutine now shows latest exercise stats kg, reps and time  |
| 12.3  | 3    | profile screen nows show user info and calendar of all routines done  |
|       | 1    | css changes to history and workout pages  |
|       | 1    | add info screen and minor css changes  |
|       | 2    | add textinput with label replaced most textinput with it  |
|       | 1    | added numbernput with label and is used instead of native TextInput  |
| 13.3  | 1    | bugfix wrong value for exerciseType and changed routine list order  |
|       | 1    | bug fix wrong exercise showned in Info  |
|       | 4    | changed theme colors primary and text primary   |
|       | 1    | changed css for sign in and sign up screens   |
|       | 1    | changed pressable to TouchableOpacity, custom button can be disabled  |
| total | 212  | |
